Protoss, a beast, still has some eyesight
This is my master's cultivation sanctuary
I advise you to leave quickly
Fengzi
die
pretend
Your master will sleep once in a thousand years
I'm afraid I can't wake up now
Hahahaha that's right
This time I must dig his brain out
See what secrets are hidden inside
Hahahaha
A group of news dares to touch my master
How could a watchdog approach the emperor?
As expected of an emperor who is famous for Huaiyu
It's a pity that you can't stop us
Ha ha.
Hahaha
Master has lived so many times for Xiaobai
As for this change of Xiaobai to protect you
No, we can't let them get away
Chase after the Lord of God
How brave
This breath is heaven and earth
Run to death
Can't move at all
Don't run around, be careful of being eaten
What are you trying to do?
What do you want?
What do I want to do?
Lin Yang, you have been a teacher for 10 years
You should do it for me
Hand over the lion and I'll let you go
How about my dad said
Danger of the Prince
Can't let it
Don't let it go
Just call until he agrees
Protoss your master will sleep once a thousand years
This time, Xiaobai will protect you.
It turns out that I have been through so much during this time